So what I'd like you all to do for
this exercise, is go ahead and
just play around with some of
the CSS stuff that we've learned.
But to give you actually something to
direct it towards, let me go ahead and
flip this real quick.
I'm gonna go app- todo, cuz you're
gonna work on your photo gallery.
And for the photo gallery, I want you to
just go ahead and add some styles to it.
And so at the bare minimum, you're gonna
try one thing to do try to make your
actual photo gallery appear
at some sort of grid.
So that it's not just like
a straight line of photos.
And if you can get that,
I think it's good enough.
But then if you have extra time and you
wanna challenge yourself at some layout
classes from Bulma play
around with it a little bit.
So last we left off we were talking
a little bit about styling and such.
So I figured, let's go ahead and
just wrap that up.
And so what I'll do is I'm just gonna
go ahead and style just a grid for
our photo gallery, and
then we can move on from there.
So inside of our app.view, you can see
here that we have everything here and
then our starter block is empty.
And so for the sake of just keeping
things on the simpler side,
what I'm going to do here is I'm gonna
create a list class for this gallery.
And I'm gonna go ahead and actually use
the module because what I wannna do is
very unique to this particular one.
And I also know that list I'm pretty
sure it already exists in Bulma.
So just to be safe,
let's just do the module.
This is simple enough to
understand at this point.
So for me,
I'm just gonna do a display grid and
then grid-template-columns, repeat 5.
So basically the way the repeat works is,
how many times are you repeating it,
5 times and what unit are you expecting,
in this case, it's 1 fraction.
So basically it's evenly divided between.
So when you fetch it now,
you'll see it's now sitting very nicely.
We have the five columns looking good.
And then if we really want, let's go
ahead and clean this up a little bit.
Go over to the Code.
And then what we're gonna do,
just make this a little bit nicer,
is let's go ahead and
wrap this thing in a container div.
And so this is one of the layout
classes that Bulma provides.
And I'm gonna wrap it once more cuz
the container helps to basically,
create a box that centers it, but
then we're just gonna go ahead and
create a section div around that.
And so what you'll see here
now is that when we refresh,
Assuming I did that right,
I think I know what happened.
Nothing's happening, why is that?
Well, if you look at container in section,
there's nothing attached to it, and
there's a reason for that.
Because the only time we import a Bulma
was actually on the todo app, so
that's why it's not appearing.
So for now don't worry though by the way
we're gonna stop the flip flopping between
these two files very shortly.
I'm just gonna go ahead,
just copy this over for posterity sake.
Although I just realized that something's
probably gonna break pretty bad.
Refresh, yeah, I thought so.
What my guess is happening right now is
that the module is applying to everything
that's being imported.
So again, just for the sake now of just
keeping things simple because again,
this is there are plenty of amazing CSS
resources on front end masters that y'all
can check out later.
But let's just make this
a little bit clearer.
This is use the naming
way to keep it scoped.
And then like that, and
then we save it like this.
Yes.
>> I think you have to put
Lang as CSS on the style tag.
>> Boom, perfect, yep.
We don't have a preprocessor attached.
Let's do it, refresh.
Okay, now that's making me wonder though,
okay,
we're gonna have to test this
out because we are developing.
Look at that all the list styling
is gone it looks even better